a story like mine has never been told
I certainly wasn't born to the life of
acacia honey so did you this house
but we see those eyes
you are not a servant always
Chios my new protégé focus on your
studies of music the art of conversation
now we Arrivals the true geisha can stop
a man in his tracks with a single look
you already
now it's time you might be the most
famous geisha in all narcho I shall
destroy you object of every man's
fantasy this moment tonight
[Music]
sometimes I worry she's taking me
further from the things I want forget
about him
[Music]
every step I have taken
Dupre myself closer to you
do not become geisha to pursue our own
destinies I want to laugh that is mine
you